[inaudible]
so purchases of less than a hundred dollars that have most improved my life in
recent memory because there are many purchases of less than a hundred dollars.
There are a few right off the bat.
Sneak preview here,
there.
Okay.
So number one is this hat.
This is the Sitka Dakota beanie and it's Cammo just so people don't see your
head when you're walking around and you look like the headless horseman and your
Turquoise Shirt.
But a extremely comfortable hat that for whatever reason I can't properly
explain this.
I can wear say in warmer temperatures like 60,
just because I don't have much coverage.
I can also wear it subfreezing and uh,
it works in both environments.
I first got exposed to the sick as a hunting brand.
It's kind of like the Lulu Lemon,
the most comfortable clothing in the hunting world,
really high quality gear.
When I was in Colorado and I traveled with this everywhere.
I also use it as a murse man purse.
So I'll stick say a piece of recording equipment into this hat to protect it
because it's semi padded.
So this travels with me constantly.
That's number one.
Might as well show you this.
Number two,
which is a spray zinc.
This is there is zinc spray,
which is the zinc gluconate.
And I use this for immune support.
So this travels in the side of my backpack and I will spray tank like banal,
but five or six sprays around the mouth.
And I will do this two or three times probably per day when I'm traveling.
And I've found it as it appears,
at least to me to make a substantial difference if there are a lot of people
getting sick and continuing to get sick,
coughing and so on,
on a trip or on a plane,
uh,
this helps me not to succumb.
So this is always with me.
The next one that is always with me and all these items travel with me,
24,
seven,
effectively,
they live in my backpack.
This is the rubs device and no,
it is not a massage parlor with black windows.
It is what it looks like,
a golf ball and it has these little nubs on it.
It was gifted to me.
Uh,
this is very,
very cheap.
It's like $6 gifted to me by Amelia Boone's thank you Amelia,
who is a four time world champion in obstacle course racing and you roll out
your feet or your hands or your forearms in my case with this device and it is
incredible how much it relieves pain throughout the body if you just roll out
your feet properly,
which is something I picked up.
Uh,
not only from Amelia Boone but from Ed Coan who's the most successful legendary
power lifter in the history of the world.
Uh,
I think he did looked at 901 at two 20 or something insane like that.
And a lot of back pain,
leg pain in my experience goes away when you just rub out your feet.
So if I landed a hotel or when I wake up after a bunch of travel,
I use this on the feet.
Next up we have this device.
This isn't the most interesting angle though.
That is the most interesting angle.
This is the logic tech keys to go keyboard and it holds a charge for very,
very long time.
And I stick this in the laptop pocket.
Why?
Because I like to work in say restaurants.
I like to type,
I like to brainstorm and restaurants,
but I don't want to have a laptop out or if my laptop has a problem and I can't
use it,
I still want to be able to type and not poke at my iPhone screen.
So I will take my iPhone,
lean it against,
say a glass of ice tea or wine or whatever,
and then I will pair it to this keyboard and I can type an entire chapter out.
It's really cool and people don't even notice necessarily that I'm working.
They just think I'm a crack head staring at my ice tea for two hours straight.
All right,
the last up,
and this is increasingly important as I travel to louder and louder cities,
let's say in some cases,
is the following,
Max pillow,
soft silicone [inaudible].
And this is what it looks like.
These are earplugs and they're not foam.
And what this allows you to do is sleep very,
very,
very well.
And that includes laying on your side.
So what happens if you say roll up foam earplugs to come near your and then you
lay on your side,
you feel like you have a nerf icepick being jabbed into your,
your job,
which is not very comfortable.
Uh,
and I find these two also damp and sound more effectively than foam,
typically.
Fantastic.
So those are a handful of the purchases,
less than a hundred dollars that have most impacted my life and continue to,
they travel with me 24,
seven.
Hey guys,
if you're enjoying the tips and tactics and how to,
on this channel or in the podcast,
the Tim Ferriss show,
I made this for you.
So I've had mentors,
short advice from the best in the world.
This is the book that I wanted to read.
So I went out and I put it together,
created a dream list of 130 of the best at what they do.
People who are icons,
legends,
and ask them all the same questions.
These are people in some cases I wanted to reach out to.
My whole life ranges from many,
many billionaires,
cofounders of every company imaginable,
elite athletes ranging from surfing to tennis to power lifting.
Everything else,
country stars,
actors,
directors,
and you can spot the patterns.
So some of my friends have said this is the easiest to read,
most useful book that I've put together yet.
So checking out tribe of mentors.com you can find sample chapters,
the whole list of mentors,
everything traveled.
mentors.com.